#summary Details of the Rev 1 CCShield board


= Jumpers =

There are 2 jumpers on the board.  

== Power ==
The Power jumper has just 2 pins.  If it is closed, Vin power is shared between the CCShield and the Arduino.  Vin is *NOT* 5 volts, it is whatever is coming in from the wall-wart power supply.

== Brightness Selection ==
The brightness selection jumper has 3 pins.  If the jumper shorts the pin nearest the IDE connector and the middle pin, brightness is selected by the resistor.  If the jumper is shorting the middle and the other pin, brightness is selected by the one of the Arduino digital IOs (whichever is selected by the solder blob on the back of the board).

= IDE cable pinout =



= Miscellaneous =


== Brightness ==

There is a 2.2KOhm resistor on the board that selects the max current flowing through each LED to about 15mA.  You can change the LED brightness by changing this resistor higher to dim the LED and lower to brighten it. 

Note that the M5451 chip can dissipate 1 Watt at 25 Celsius, so you must work within this limit.  For example let's say that you are putting 5V across the circuit, and the LEDs use 3V.  This means that 2V will be dissipated in the chip (5 minus 3).  At 10mA current, this is 20mW per line (power = volts*amps) or 20*35 LEDs = 700mW total dissipated in the chip.  So you are ok.  But if you used 20mA current, you would have 1.4Watts when all the LEDs are lit.  Not so good.  

However, there is more than one way to fix the problem. First, if only half of the LEDs are simultaneously on (maybe your application blinks them), then you are back to 700mW so are ok.  Or maybe you could install a heat sink onto the M5451 chip and do some testing to ensure you don't start a fire :-).


